Updated various typos, wording, etc. (#760)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn-introduction.md

---
id: learn-introduction
title: What is Polkadot?
sidebar_label: What is Polkadot?
---

Polkadot enables scalability by allowing specialized blockchains to communicate with each other in a
secure, trust-free environment.

Polkadot is built to connect and secure unique blockchains, whether they be public, permission-less

> networks, private consortium chains, or oracles and other Web3 technologies. It enables an internet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
networks, private consortium chains, oracle chains, or other Web3 technologies. It enables an internet
```

Author: Just wondering but why should this be changed to 'or' instead of 'and'? =)
